I fully agree that people nowadays do not M_give enough time to helping their communities , either because they think that they do not M_have the time or because they are money-oriented or because they think that they are not going to be able to make any drastic changes . 
People in past , however , use to M_dedicate time , money and effort for community service . 
Some fellow students think that they do not M_have time to join an NGO and to help in raising money for the poor , because they do not M_follow a schedule . 
Their time is M_eaten M_up by studying or by lazing about and when they are asked to make a few contributions such as helping in raising money for the poor or organising a certain event , they would think that this is going to prevent them from getting good grades . 
Some people are too money-oriented . 
For them M_time M_is M_money . 
So they do not want to M_waste their time by helping their communities . 
I once tried to recruit a few people in order to teach some illeterate children , how to read and write . 
The question I was asked was how much they were going to be paid and when they knew that it was for free the declined . 
When I reminded them of Doria Shafeek , an eminent feminist who used to buy children presents out of her own money to make them attend her reading and writing classes , they just M_shrugged their M_shoulders . 
Other people think that irrespective of the time and effort , they are going to M_put M_into helping their communities , they will not be able to effect any changes . 
i can remember a girl who was asked to join a Red Cross training course and she was of the opinion that she was not skillful enough . 
The woman responsible for recruiting people gave her a book on Florence Nightingale and how she started M_from M_scratch and what difference she made in the field of nursing and she talked to her about M_pampered women of society and princesses who used to pride themselves on how they learned how to nurse casualties of war . 
This really M_boosted the girl s morale and made her join the course . 
Poeple do not M_give enough time for their communities , either because they are too busy or they are ignorant to the benefits they are going to M_reap or the difference they are going to make . 
I think there should be more M_conscience raising sessions to point out to people how important working for their community is
