It is such a hard thing to predict whether in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there is today or not . 
There are so many factors M_leading to the decrease in the number of cars . 
Some of these factors are the ever increasing oil price , the scarcity of gasoline and the high cost of car maintenance . 
However , there are other factors M_promoting the use of cars and thus will result in more number of cars in the future . 
In my opinion , I think that the number of cars wo nt decrease . 
In fact , I think that there will be more cars in the future , than there are today . 
One reason that may M_lead to the increase in the number of cars used , is the increasing number in population . 
The number of people is increasing world wide , and lots of countries are having population control problem . 
So , the more people there is , the more the need for cars and transport services . 
Another reason is the M_advancement in Science . 
Scientists are finding new energy sources that are abundant , less pollutant and cheap . 
Having a cheap energy source decreases the running cost of owning a car , and thus M_encourages more people to purchase and own cars . 
Moreover , having this source as clean and not a pollutant for the air or the environment will make it easier in terms of regulations to obtain a car . 
Last but not least , the M_advancement in technology is another M_key reason . 
M_Advancement in technology will increase the number of cars significantly . 
With technology M_advancing , car manufacturers are able to lower their cost of production for cars . 
Thus , it will be possible to produce cheaper cars in shorter periods of time . 
Also , the M_advancement in technology makes it possible for governments to be able to build more bridges and to maintain M_healthy roads to accomodate more cars . 
To sum up , Its like a supply and demand issue . 
With the M_advancement in science and technology , resulting in increase in supply , and the increasing number of poplulation , resulting in increase in demand , owning a car will be easy and effective . 
So , in Twenty years from now , there will be more cars in use than there are today .
