This question perfectly M_fits with my personal experience , in fact I had to M_face to this important question during my career as a student before and a worker after . 
At university I have studied political science , a faculty which gave me a M_wide knowledge other different subjects , such as politic , history , economy , languages , sociology , philosophy , mathematic , law , etc . 
During the period of my studies I have found them really usefull and not boring at all , because I could study different issues at the same time , making university a vary and always new method of learning . 
The same day I had lessons of private law , mathematic and sociology , and this variety of subjects avoided the M_risk of getting tired of studing always the same thing . 
Then I graduated , and I had to M_face the incredible M_world of job . 
And only at this point I have found out that all what I had studied at university gave me on one side a M_wide range of knowledges , but on the other a lack in the specific knowledge of one main subject . 
In all this , which knowledge is better ? 
The M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects or the specialization in one specific subject ? 
I still have to find myself the right answer , so that I have to arrange this lack giving a compromising answer : it s better to have a specialized knowledge in one subject which we like and on which we can M_focus our job and career , but we should M_optimize this specialization by M_widening as much as possible our basic knowledge of different subjects . 
Another important factor concerns our goals : if our goal is to find a good and well retributed job , so we have to specialize in one subject because this is what is more needed and asked in the job s M_world . 
Nowadays there are more graduated with a good M_wide knoledge than graduated with a good specialization in one field of studies . 
On the other hand , if our goal is to have a general knowledge other different aspects which may help to understand one single M_sector of our life , such as for istance political science , we have to M_spend years other different academic subjects , studying a M_bit of everything .
