Travelling in a group rather than alone is most of the time a difficult decision to take and it involves many personal and external factors : the place you intend to visit , your social preferences , your M_tolerance for being with other people for long lapses of time , the type of people that will come along for this long trip ... 
and many others . 
I do agree that traveling in a group led by a guide is a good experience in most circumstances . 
When I intend to visit a large city , an historical site or a country of which I do not speak the language , being led by an experienced guide and togheter with some traveling friends is essential for me . 
I have the opportunity to learn more about the culture of the city or the country that I am visiting , while discovering pleasures i .e . 
nice restaurants or nice locations that I probably could not find with my little written M_guide . 
For example , when I was in Montreal with my husband we M_dragged our friends to a not pricy and excellent : restaurant following directions of our useful little M_guide . 
Surely the food was good , but the not pricy part needed to be discussed and our friends offered to pay prior to seing the bill . 
In visiting historical places the role of a guide is even more important . 
Living in Venice for many years , I have always been impressed by the amount of information I did nt know about the local churches , and , despite being a local , I enjoyed to join guided groups while walking through the churches . 
Even when traveling in remote places , being in a M_protected group with a guide that is able to help you with the essential needs is wise . 
My aunt was in Mongolia for 3 weeks , living with nomades in a tent and drinking acidic milk with all her traveling companions , and , once back , she assured me that she would not repeat the same trip without a guide . 
Sometimes however traveling in a group may be frustrating . 
It requires M_conciliating needs and desires of different people , while M_tolerating organizational and traveling issues . 
Probably a good traveling social attitude is the best way to M_face any trip and to enjoy a good guided trip . 
And , as a last point , having a good guide makes all the difference !
