To be successful you have to take risks and M_experiment new things ! 
I definitely M_support this M_vision of life and there are many reasons why I believe so . 
First of all we should learn from history and from our recent past that many successful people tried innovative things , instead of continuing doing the usual , and their creativity and courage to take risks has been M_prized . 
For example , in many fields of art , from cinema to graphic design , from theater to painting , people who took risks to create and promote forms of art that were different and new and maybe even risky for the big public , are now on art history books and are considered as masters of contemporary art ! 
A second reason why I M_strongly think that innovative things are a M_fundamental M_basis for success is that things that represent the norm or the usual have their own market and this market is very unlikely to increase when it has M_reached a very established and M_balanced M_steady state . 
But innovative things can M_open new markets from nothing ! 
Think about the fast food industry in Italy in the 80s ! 
Before the 80s Italians were not used to fast food , the way it was intended in the United States . 
The first business man who decided to open the first hamburger fast food had to M_fight against the usual habit of Italian people to eat a simple panino sandwich in Italian or pizza . 
Sure the decision was risky , but 25 years M_down M_the M_line we have a McDonald s or a Burger King in any city center ... 
even adjecent to very important and beautiful historical buildings . 
Maybe our landscapes have not benefited from it , but the owner of these chains had a great deal with his innovative entreprenourial attitude . 
It can certainly be argued that for every positive and succesfull experience there are many others that do nt M_reach the same goal of notoriety or economical success and risk is always a matter of chance ! 
Nevertheless it is certainly true that , by not taking the risk of trying new things , success is very hard to M_obtain if one keeps doing the same and does not differentiate himself or herself from the rest of the people .
