It has been argued that it is better to gain M_wider knowledge of numerous academic subjects rather than to M_deeply research one specific subject . 
I disagree with this idea because specializing one particular subject brings several advantages for the following reasons . 
First , since technology is really M_advanced nowadays , professinals , who have M_deep knowledge of one subject , are more required than generalists who have M_broader knowledge . 
For instance , my uncle works in Micro Soft . 
He told me that when he started working in the company , there were many employees who had M_vast general knowledges . 
However , since computer technology has been developed dramatically , the company only hires specialists these days because more sophisticated programmers are essential in order to M_advance its technology . 
This tendency explains that it is better to M_focus on a specific subject than to have M_broad knowledge of M_wider subjects . 
Second , as technology is sophisticated , specialized knowledge is mandatory to M_protect it as well . 
For example , PC security and computer hackers are one of good example . 
My uncle has been assigned in a computer security division in Micro Soft . 
There are 20 core members in his division , who all have PhD , including my uncle . 
Hackers do like computers and they study computer programs very M_deeply . 
Thus , the security division must hire people who are very specialized to M_fight the hackers . 
This example also represents that it is better to gain a specialized knowledge than M_broader knowledge of many academic topics . 
Lastly , specialized knowledge brings higher income . 
For instance , my uncle receives much higher salary than his long time friend who are a sales representative in Micro Soft . 
His friend studied various subjects in his school age and actually regrets that he should have M_focused on a particular subject . 
In summary , although some people insist that it is better to develop M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to M_focus on a particular subject , I disagree with this idea . 
This is because the latest sophisticated technology requires specialists in a particular subject to develop and M_protect it . 
Specialized knowledge also brings higher incomes .
