Life is so diverse , that as much as a person learns throughout hisher life , there is always more . 
There does not exist a M_limit for learning , and new discoveries and creations M_pop up daily in our everyday news , M_growing in a M_parallel mode with the ever imrpoving technology . 
As a matter of fact , a successful person is not one who knows a lot , but one who knows how , when and where to apply hisher knowledge in the best way available . 
A person who has mastered something X heshe does , is automatically better qualified to do and improve X than someone who has never seen or heard about it . 
Each human being has specific characteristics and environmental cultures that M_bound hisher ability of the things heshe has learned . 
Sometimes , these M_limits are highly disadvantageous , yet they would not make this person specifically unsuccessful , because with the right knowledge at one specific task , heshe can sublime in a way even the best educated person on the globe could not . 
On the other hand , trying new things and taking new risks are very important in today s world , but it does not yet make it more successful a person who does it than one who does not . 
In fact , innovations and risks should always be tried for newly developed ideas and for the person to improve hisher skills and learn about most things a little . 
This concept is very well M_illustrated when compared to how the agricultural M_revolution M_evolved as an example . 
Imagine if a farmer would have to plant all types of fruits and vegetable , that at the end would barely be sufficient for his family survival in contrast to every one farmer specializing in a specific fruit or vegetable and than barter and trade with the others . 
Like that , each one farmer would definitely profit more with the specialization , and as a result also consume the best quality goods altogether . 
This shows that sometimes it is also benefitial to specialize in a specific ability to have the best results , because if everyone would like to do everything by himself the world would not M_go M_on . 
Now again , this does not mean that having some overall knowledge would be harmful . 
In conclusion , a successful person is a rather relative term . 
Because success can be attained with hard-work and M_loyalty to a goal . 
No matter the amount of risks and innovations taken , specializing yourself can be equally granted . 
Have you ever imagined if professional athletes stopped playing basketball , football , or baseball , would they still be successful ?
