Students learn many subjects in school . 
Teachers feel difficulties how to teach . 
Some people think that studying facts is more important than studying ideas and concepts . 
On the other hand , others believe that learning ideas and concepts is more important than leaning facts . 
In my opinon , knowing ideas and concepts is more important than knowing facts . 
I will explain reasons to M_support my M_view . 
Ideas and concepts is helpful for students to understand facts . 
First of all , ideas and concepts are M_besic of all facts . 
Without M_basic theories , students can not understand facts . 
For instance , there are many theories to understand people s behaviors in psychology . 
I could understand others behaviors and my feelings by understanding these theories . 
Secondly , using ideas and concepts , individuals can develop ideas and M_extend their M_view of points . 
In short , ideas and concepts should be learned first . 
Learning ideas and concepts enable students to solve problem quickly . 
First of all , students can think issues logically because ideas and concepts make problems easier to understand . 
Secondly , students learn skills effectively . 
For instance , to learn language , such as English , students need to learn grammer and structure . 
Only listening native speaker s conversations is not enough to M_master English . 
In brief , ideas and concepts is M_useful for students . 
Of course , learning facts is also important . 
However , usually facts are matters to M_support ideas or concept , therefore facts are M_supplyment for them . 
In addition , observing facts is interesting and students are M_attracted study by wathing facts , yet after all students need ideas or concepts to study their interests M_deeply . 
To conclude , ideas and concepts is a neccesity for students to consider subject M_deeply . 
On the other hand , facts are only one aspect of real phenomenon . 
Hence , it is not difficult to say that leaning ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts .
