Many people might find specialization a convincing and M_advanced M_position especially in the modern business world . 
It appears to me , however , that those who have M_broader knowledge of many academic subjects , who might be called generalist , will be getting more and more important . 
I work in one of the biggest banking groups in Japan , which includes more than 30000 permanent employees and over 10000 part-time employees . 
Generally speaking , the products and services that a bank provides require high-level and specialized knowledge , particulary in the stage where those products and services are developed and organised . 
However , those are not provided not only for professionals within the same industry but also for ordinary people who do not have any special know-how or skills of financial instruments . 
In this marketing stage , the importance of those who have M_broad knowleadge of many academic subjects can be clearly identified , because such people have a variety of M_perspectives based on the academic M_backgrounds and can M_approach the possible customers from various M_angles . 
This is one of the most important elements in promoting and enhancing business . 
Secondly , according to my business experience , I would like to stress that good managers in an organization often have various academic backgrounds as well as a variety of business experience . 
I am not saying that a specialist who M_concentrates on one specific subject can not be a good manager . 
However , in most cases , it is the fact that senior managers need to M_cover extremely M_wide range of business M_area . 
In this context , a company is highly likely to regard those who have M_broad knowledge based on many academic subjects as potential candidates for good manegers or , finally , future board members . 
In the reasons stated above , I believe those who have M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects are more highly appreciated than are those who specialize in one specific subject , especially in the future business world .
