Every teacher has hisher way to teach sudents and each tacher has his her technieqs in teaching . 
One may let students to understand ideas , and one may let them to learn facts . 
however , teaching students to understand ideas and concept M_deliver the information more easily to students rather than learning and memorising facts . 
Understanding ideas and concept is make the information or the details more M_clear to students . 
first , when a student is M_facing a new ideas and information , heshe may have no idea about the new topic . 
And starting by learning the facts and memorising them will be hard on them and may M_lead to miss understanding for the topic . 
Whereas , when the teacher trys to explain how the concepts and the ideas where M_direvered from will make it easier for the student to learn . 
for example , if the teacher gives students scientific work sheet and tells students that they have a test in the next day on the difinitions , students will try to memorise the terms without understanding for the M_roots or the details of the facts that are in the sheet . 
However , they will be confused about how the facts and the details are M_linked . 
And in that case the teacher should have have talk about the facts and teach the students how these facts M_works , because that might help in memorising the fact for a longer time period . 
second , if the student learned for example , how the machiene works , he will be more knowledgable about methods used to invint it . 
Moreover , when the teacher uses technieqs that alows the student to think and how to understand the ideas this M_piece of information will M_last in hisher head for along time and heshe can develope that new idea a year after a year . 
Using this methode will produce alotof inventores and scientests . 
To conclude , some students have the appility to understand more than memorising and the opposite is also true . 
however , these two types of learning , depend on understanding ideas and concept . 
and it make it easier for students to learn .
