How successful are you ? 
Have you ever felt that you are successful enough that you do nt need to try other things and become successful in other things you did not try before . 
Well , you are not really a successful if you think what you succeeded in is enough . 
Successful people are those who worked hard to accomplimish and achieve their goals . 
As a matter of fact , you wo nt become successful unless you work hard for what you want to achieve . 
You can become successful if you really worked hard for what you want . 
Successful people tend to try new things other than the ones they already succeeded in , because as successfuls , they truly believe that they have to keep working hard to achieve more goals and have various careers where they succeeded in , even if they had to M_pay their own risk on the M_trials of becoming successful in more careers . 
Successful s ambitions do not M_stop at a particular M_point , they always have ambitions and they always want to achieve more no matter how much risk this will cause them . 
They believe that to success , you have to try , risk and work hard , and they work M_based on that M_theory . 
Moreoever , if successful people tried new things and they failed , they would nt be discouraged and they would try the same thing again and again , until they succeed . 
It is a matter of M_challange . 
Successful people always like to take M_challanges and achieve their goals in any case , and they do not accept failure . 
They might fail , but they wo nt M_lose hope . 
They keep their hopes as M_high as they were and try again on the same thing , until they success and become successful in another thing . 
All in all , I personally think that since successful people are optimistic , hard working , smart , and like M_challenging , they will always want to try new things and take risks rather than just convincing themselves that what they have succeeded in is enough . 
They would do more things than what they already know how to do well , and I believe that they will success one time even if they failed several times .
