In the twentieth century advertising has become increasingly important , and it is one of the M_keys for the success of a commercial product . 
Most of the advertisements , though , try to exaggerate the real features of a product , making it seem much better than it really is . 
Even if of course I ca nt appreciate this behavior by the advertising companies , I ca nt blame them because if they would tell just the truth they would have to do huge investments to M_fill M_the M_gap between what they used to advertise and what their product really is or they would M_lose M_against their concurrents . 
This would stress also the workers , as they would probably lose their job or get less money than before . 
The problem is that the global M_system is now M_based upon this assumption , and changing this M_incorrect behavior would need a global M_correction of the values of concurrency . 
But these behavior is well established and so it s due to the consumer to choose the right products , and not to buy the ones made by companies who just invest in advertising without selling good quality products . 
There is nothing we can do besides using our freedom of choice in the best way . 
There is a moment when this behavior by companies and corporations is nearly criminal and they have to be M_pursued legally . 
If a company sells a product that is toxic , unhealthy or if there is a lie in the advertisement , that company has to take its responsability about it in front on a tribunal . 
For example , I know that sometimes the water that comes from the home sink , that we use and drink every day , is said to be pure in big advertisements around the city . 
But the laboratory tests have been made in the valley , before the water passes through all the pipes M_full of rusts in the city . 
This is an example of a lie told by the State itself . 
What can a citizen do ? 
I drink water in bottles , even if I m not sure that my one is etter than the other one . 
We ca nt be sure about anything regarding what s advertised about commercial products , but it s important to M_keep M_our M_eyes M_open and try to choose the one we think is the best , maybe helping with our buying M_power those products that claim themselves to be natural and that do nt do too much advertising .
