I do nt think it can be considered as a M_natural M_rule the fact that older people enjoy life less than young people do . 
At the same time I must say that it is what generally happens , and for several reasons . 
First of all , we live in a society I m specifically talking about the italian society in which the age a person decides to leave his family , for many reasons such as lack of job opportunity , lack of M_bravery and so on , is close to 30 . 
This means that , until that age , young people do nt M_face a lot of responsabilities they ll be obliged to M_face in the future . 
Less responsabilities for young people means at the same time : a more M_available time for them , who generally M_use it to enjoy life ; b less M_available time , and more and more thoughts in consequence to their responsabilities , for the parents . 
This is the general M_scheme of a normal italian family s M_dynamic . 
Fortunately it-s not always like that . 
My personal experience support me stating hat . 
In fact I left my house when I was 18 and I came to live and study here in Milan , where I found a job and have my life without any dependence from anyone . 
That allowed also my parents to M_spend the time they M_earned in some other activities , like having hobbies , or developing their personal interests . 
Enjoying their time . 
Enjoying their life . 
Even if this is the most important reasons that brings me to affirm that young people generally enjoy their life more than older ones , there s a second that is just a physiological reason . 
It is not difficult to understand that when we are young , we feel like we can climb mountains , traveling around the world without stops . 
We are M_full of energies , our bodies are ready to M_face almost every kind of situation . 
It is not the same thing for older people , who necessarely have to maintain a sort of M_proportion M_between their efforts and the forces they M_dispose of . 
A lot of things become M_forbidden just for physical reasons . 
But on the other hand , as I said before , older people can enjoy their life in a different way , M_proportioned to their possibilities , like traveling , or developing interests
