It seems to me that young people M_spend time M_on something they enjoy at the moment , but that does not mean that young people enjoy life mroe than older people . 
In my opinion , older people enjoy their life more than young people do . 
My father , who is 57 year old and have life time job , seems enjoying the life more than my younger brother , who is 15 year old and still attending school . 
There are some reasons why I think that way . 
My younger brother goes to school everyday , yet he still M_have M_more time to M_spend on whatever he wants to do . 
Is he enjoying his life ? 
The answer is no . 
He is often worried about the future and all the problems he has to M_face in order to succeed in the future . 
He still has no idea what he would M_become later in life , and there are many concerns to achieve what he wants to be . 
On the other hand , my father works at the company and he is busy all the time . 
It seems that he M_has no M_spare time to M_spend but he is enjoying the life very much . 
He is more experienced than my younger brother and M_have more knowledge . 
When it comes to the question of whether person is enjoying the life or not , I believe it is a lot to do with their experience . 
When you are older and more experienced , M_handling problem would be easier than when you have to M_face one in young age . 
Since for my father , his life M_goal as to get the job that he wants and have family is already achieved , he has no concern about his future . 
Therefore he can enjoy life much better than my younger brother because he has no concern about life that it makes the life more enjoyable . 
In conclusion , the case of family is not always true for every old people and young people . 
Some people are able to achieve their M_goal when they are still young and perhaps such young people enjoy life more than some old people who is still M_struggling to achieve the M_goal . 
Despite those cases , I believe that older people enjoy life more than young people do .
