I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not M_give enough time to helping their communities . 
Not many young people are seen in community activities , and it seems like their interest is not at their local . 
Three reasons can be thought of when thinking about this issue . 
Firstly , young people seem to be M_busy M_with their own life , and has less interest in their own communities . 
This is because their everyday life is basically at the achool or university . 
There , they study on subjects they have interest in , and they may also be participating in a M_circle or an after school activitiy . 
It can be guessed that young people M_spend more time there , instead of helping out at local communities . 
Secondly , the community itself is not systematically organized for young people to participate . 
The problem of Japanese society now is that the local communities are not M_working M_out in many places because people have less contact with their neighbors . 
For example , in big cities with people living in high building appartments , it is normal for people to not know most of the people who live there . 
You might see some people once in a while , but in a busy life , there is rarely a chance to really get together to M_form a community . 
Therefore , young people do not M_spend time to help out in their communities . 
Lastly , the local communities are mainly M_run by older people , such as people who have retired jobs and M_have more time . 
These people gather and organize community activities and M_spread it to neighbors . 
For example , it M_takes time to organize an event in the community . 
You need to plan out things to do , and also go knock on doors to ask for participation . 
When there are not enough people , you M_struggle more and have to work harder . 
So it is natural to say that people who M_have more time has more chance to participate and help out in the communitiy . 
This might be one of the reasons that youg people M_spend less time in community when compared with older people . 
From these three points that I have stated above , I agree that young people nowadays do not M_give enough time to helping their communities . 
Young people might be energetic and be a big help , but when their interest is M_somewhere else , it is difficult to M_bring M_back their attention .
