I agree with the statement that it is better for a person to have a M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one specific subject . 
Specialization can be a good thing in life , it helps a person to be good at what he does and be effecient in his work . 
However , sometimes if a person chooses to take many academic subjects , it gets interesting . 
Lets say for example , a person takes biology , history and phsycology . 
All this knowledge is a great advantage ! 
It M_leads the person to be more knowledgable , more aware of lots of things and also M_gives a sense of fun . 
Your mind M_expands and M_gets different and interesting information each day M_from different topics . 
Knowledge is a bunch of facts that you M_accquire from experiences and everyday routines . 
knowledge on one thing makes life boring especially for a person who is always curious and wants to learn new things . 
knowledge is M_unlimited , you have M_access to it anytime and anywhere . 
I could choose to know everything about one certain topic but that M_limits my knowledge to that one topic . 
But how about knowing information about different topics ? 
this makes you even more social with different type of people . 
A doctor who knows history gets people astonished . 
They begin to understand the fact that he is good at what he does but also has interest for many other things . 
In high school , i ve always chosen different electives like music , french and also computer lessons . 
I wanted to know more about each or even be good at them like in my major subject . 
It made me feel wise and able to talk to people about alot of subjects . 
I could argue and talk in different areas with different types of people , it gives a good impression and also makes my life interesting to learn new stuff and facts everyday . 
That explains why actors now are M_persuing careers in singing or being leaders of charity acts or organizations . 
They want to try more . 
It s better to have a M_broad knowledge of many academic subjects . 
To learn different facts everyday M_gives M_color to the mind . 
Life is M_short as they say , so M_make M_use of it .
