I do agree that young people nowadays do not M_give enough time to helping their communities . 
This is because by thinking about myself and friends M_around me , I can not find many young people , who are interacted to the community a lot . 
I believe this culture change is happening worldwide and considered it is usual these days . 
When my grandparents are young , they said they remembered that their parents were interacting with the community M_deeply and felt normanl that they had to live in that way . 
At the time when my grandparents are little , the Wordl War II was happening therefore , M_strong M_bond in the community was needed more than nowadays . 
Young teenagers were there to look after the little children and help the old people . 
That was something they all had to do in order to survive . 
However , as the war ended and my parent s generation was born , there was not so much situations needed for people to M_stick together because that was the only way to survive . 
My parent s said that they remember that their parent s tell them to care about community and help them since that is how their parent s grew up but my parent s said that they never really understood why . 
I also do not remember my parents teaching me to M_interact with community and M_spend time for it . 
This can be because in my 17 years of life , I moved more than 10 times because of my father s job and every time I moved to new community , it was hard for our family to join easily . 
So we were kind of giving up on this kind of culture . 
Even if the person never moved around so much , I believe not many people like to interact with community because people became M_colder about the M_connection with different people . 
In western and some parts of eastern countries , the cultural change in religion was also significance to this change . 
In old days , religion was M_strict and if you are christian , you had to attend to mass every Sunday . 
However , nowadays , attending to mass is quite free and not many people critisises you if you do not attend to the mass . 
However , it does not mean that M_spending time for community is M_wastful because people are acting in this way . 
Human beings can not live without interacting each other and it is very imporant to be a well being and help each other without benefits . 
It is very sad that nowadays young people are not M_spending enough time for community and for our future , we should M_connect with people more and M_create M_comfortable community .
