If we look at official statistics of the industrialised and developing world , we immediately realize that the number of cars has been constantly increasing over time . 
In some cases the M_growth rate has increased too . 
Therefore I would be M_tempted to say that I disagree with statement . 
However , a more careful analysis should be performed . 
For instance , we should take into account that public transports have become a must in several cities in the world because parking space is limited and there is so much traffic that it would be impossible to arrive at work on time if people went by car . 
A lot of countries have given a lot of incentives towards more environment-friendly means of transportation such as gas or electricity-powered ones , reducing the price for tickets . 
At the same time a charge has to be paid to enter the center of a lot cities . 
Therefore there are M_elements that could certainly discourage the use of private cars and encourage the use of public transports . 
Up to here , we have talked about the use of public transports within cities , but similar arguments could be made for long-distance journeys . 
Low-cost airlines have M_spread M_out throughout all Europe . 
High-speed railways are being built and there are a lot of high speed trains already in operations in Japan . 
All these technologies M_responds to a particular need , that is the possibility of moving faster from one town to another in a very short period of time . 
This , for obvious reasons , can not be M_achieved by using a private car . 
For instance , in order to come and take this test I took a high-speed train from Naples to Rome which M_takes only one hour . 
Hence , I did not have to wake up too early this morning , I took the underground , and the train , then the underground in Rome . 
I had no parking problems at all and this evening I can attend my best friend s birthday party back in Naples . 
Probably , by using my own car this would have been much more difficult and stressful , if not impossible . 
In conclusion , if I M_follow M_the M_line of reasoning above I have to agree with the statement . 
Using alternative means of transportation to cars is more M_comfortable in many occasions and it is becoming more and more M_comfortable over time , then the number of cars should decrease in twenty years .
