Cars have been the means of transportation around the world for centuries . 
It is no doubt that the car is a major M_part of many peoples lives . 
So will there be fewer cars in use twenty years from now ? 
Well , I think that the car will very much be present twenty years from now and probably with more users then ever , with a few changes to the car s functions and design of course . 
I think that the car will change greatly over a twenty year period . 
Resulting in a M_burst of popularlity with many individuals around the world . 
I think that many of the functions of the cars will be changed as well . 
I think that the car , twenty years from now will use electric fuel not gasoline . 
I think this because there are many problems arising around the world regarding the price of gasoline . 
Not only is the price of gasoline expensive but it is also M_destroying the atmosphere , resulting in global warming . 
I feel that the car industry will thus , M_shift M_its M_vision on cars from gasoline to highly productive , well-made electric cars . 
These electric cars will not only M_run on small amounts of electricity , but it will also have no exhaust pollution , creating a better and cleaner environment . 
It is because that I think these changes will occur that I say that the number of cars will not diminish in the future . 
I feel that with the environmentally M_friendly benefits and with the M_attachment that society already has on cars will make people keep riding cars . 
I also think that there will not be fewer cars in twenty years because I think that many people in many socities are very M_attached to the car . 
It is not a mere transportation vehicle , but it is a part of tradition to drive a car in many countries . 
For example , it is a tradition to get your drivers license when you turn the age of 16 in America . 
Also it is a M_sign of wealth in many countries to own a car in many countries , such as China . 
Therefore , I feel that there will not be a decline in the use of cars because ; by M_losing the car you will M_lose many traditions , and traditions are a part of culture . 
So it is hard for me to think that the human race would M_diminish an entire M_part of culture from there lives within a short period of twenty years . 
The M_attachment to cars by the human society and the possiblity to alter cars to better suit the needs of the environment and the people , make me conclude that the usage of cars will not decline in twenty years .
