I agree with that statement because learning facts are M_based on understanding ideas . 
Students can not learn new facts without knowing where they M_came M_from or what corroberates them . 
for some people , memorizing a new fact is enough . 
It might not be that important to them to understand it or study it . 
but i disagree with that . 
there has to be a M_base for everything someone learns or it wont be concidered learning . 
My favorite subject has always been Math because , unlike subjects like History and Literature , its all M_based on logic . 
everything has an explanation and acknowledging that explanation M_leads to acknowledging a new fact . 
When students understand ideas , they become more productive , and more accomplished , because M_grasping and analizing ideas M_leads to creativety which M_leads to creation . 
Students have differents learning skills , some learn by memorizing conlusions , and some cant memorize without an knowing how they M_reached to the those conclusions . 
Understanding ideas is more difficult that learning facts . a fact can be learned by reading a book or a biography , an idea has to be studied to be learned , which oblidges more thinking . 
As a result , one who studies new concepts provide more in the community in the future , because what is his or her mind are not just M_fixed facts , they are M_ways of thinking . 
If someone thinks about the technology that is enhancing everyday and the growth of our economies , it will be clear that it is the cause of knowledge , knowledge that is not only M_obtained by memorizing facts but by creative minds . 
There is more to improvement than learning facts . 
and when i say improvement i mean in yourself . 
when you want to imoprove youself you need to understand what you learn to implicate it . 
Thats how the process of teaching works as well . 
Teachers could have just given out books and told students to read them at home and get tested on them the next day . 
Wouldnt that have been easier if the point was nt to make students understand what they re M_taking in school ?
